# Idempotency – Correlation ID Header

You are supposed to use `X-Correlation-Id` in all API requests. Where `X-Request-Id` should be unique per request, `X-Correlation-Id` should be unique per intent. Intent, in this case, means the data in the request and the attempted action.

The following list provides certain important aspects of the Correlation ID header:

- Upon receiving some response from Adobe, whether it is successful or not, the intent has been satisfied and the Correlation ID must not be used again.
- However, if no response is received from Adobe in the case of a timeout, the same Correlation ID could be used again for the retry call with the same intent.
- If a response was generated by Adobe for a given correlation ID, any subsequent requests to the same API with the same Correlation ID will receive the same response received earlier. The idempotency check is valid for 10 days. After 10 days, correlation IDs are purged from the system, and the request will be processed normally without returning the previous response.
- If a call fails with a _400 Bad Request_ error and you try again after fixing the data, the new call must have a new Correlation ID because it uses a different intent.
- If the Correlation ID header is not included, a 400 error with status code _4119 – Correlation ID is Invalid or Missing_ will be returned. Read more about [Status Codes](./status_codes.md).

## Duplicate Request IDs

- If the Correlation ID is duplicate, the Request ID is not evaluated  and the original response for that intent will be returned.
- If the Correlation ID is different and Request ID is a duplicate, then a 400 error with status code _4120 – Duplicate request id, same requestId has already been processed_, will be returned.
